Feature/core 1059 update documentation for identity based profiles (#103)
evannetwork/api-blockchain-core: docs/identity_based_profile.rst

.. figure::  /_static/Identity_based_profile.png
   :align: center
   :alt: identity based profile
 
   identity based profile

When an account requests for an identity based profile, A random 32 bytes address(profile) is generated and this is then linked to the identity and this is mapped to the account which becomes the owner of this identity based profile. All functionalities generating address, linking the identity and mapping the owner are provided using the IdentityHolder contract. Once this identity based profile has been created then this profile is added to the user registry.

> When using identities we will come accross three important terminologies. `activeIdentity` and `underlyingAccount` and `activeAccount`. A single user can have multiple identities and the identity being used is known as the activeIdentity. The account which is used to execute the transaction for the identity is known as the underlyingAccount. Finally multiple accounts can delegate a single identity and the account which is using the identity is known as the activeAccount.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using identities we will come across three important terminologies. `activeIdentity` and `underlyingAccount` and `activeAccount`. A single user can have multiple identities and the identity being used is known as the `activeIdentity`. The account which is used to execute the transaction for the identity is known as the `underlyingAccount`. Finally the label `activeAccount` is a bit older and had been used before transactions were done through identities. It was a mixture of `activeIdentity` (as it was the acting instance) and `underlyingAccount` (as it was the account paying for transactions). The usage of `activeAccount` is by now deprecated in favor of the more specific terms `activeIdentity` and `underlyingAccount`.
```

> Further more these identities can be converted into `DIDs <https://evannetwork.github.io/docs/developers/concepts/did.html>`_ using the DID module and they can issue and be issued `verifiable credentials <https://evannetwork.github.io/docs/developers/concepts/vc.html>`_ using the VC module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore these identities can be converted into `DIDs <https://evannetwork.github.io/docs/developers/concepts/did.html>`_ using the DID module and they can issue and be issued `verifiable credentials <https://evannetwork.github.io/docs/developers/concepts/vc.html>`_ using the VC module.
```

      accountMap: {
        'ACCOUNTID':
          'PRIVATE KEY',
      },
      // key configuration for private data handling
      keyConfig: {
        'ACCOUNTID': 'PASSWORD',
      },
      // use identity flag for using identity based profiles
      useIdentity: true,
      // ipfs configuration for evan.network storage
      ipfs: {host: 'ipfs.test.evan.network', port: '443', protocol: 'https'},
      // web3 provider config (currently evan.network testcore)
      web3Provider: 'wss://testcore.evan.network/ws',
    };

    async function init() {
      // initialize dependencies
      const provider = new Web3.providers.WebsocketProvider(
        runtimeConfig.web3Provider,
        { clientConfig: { keepalive: true, keepaliveInterval: 5000 } });
      const web3 = new Web3(provider, null, { transactionConfirmationBlocks: 1 });
      const dfs = new Ipfs({ dfsConfig: runtimeConfig.ipfs });

      // create runtime
      const runtime = await createDefaultRuntime(web3, dfs, { accountMap: runtimeConfig.accountMap, keyConfig: runtimeConfig.keyConfig, useIdentity: runtimeConfig.useIdentity });
      console.dir(runtime);
    }

    init();

> Now you can use an a `runtime` object which uses an identity as an execution point to interact with the evan.network blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can use an a `runtime` object which uses an identity as an execution point to interact with the evan.network blockchain. Remember to use `runtime.activeIdentity` when you want to specify who is doing an an actions when using the API.
```

      accountMap: {
        'ACCOUNTID':
          'PRIVATE KEY',
      },
      // key configuration for private data handling
      keyConfig: {
        'ACCOUNTID': 'PASSWORD',
      },
      // use identity flag for using identity based profiles
      useIdentity: true,
      // ipfs configuration for evan.network storage
      ipfs: {host: 'ipfs.test.evan.network', port: '443', protocol: 'https'},
      // web3 provider config (currently evan.network testcore)
      web3Provider: 'wss://testcore.evan.network/ws',
    };

    async function init() {
      // initialize dependencies
      const provider = new Web3.providers.WebsocketProvider(
        runtimeConfig.web3Provider,
        { clientConfig: { keepalive: true, keepaliveInterval: 5000 } });
      const web3 = new Web3(provider, null, { transactionConfirmationBlocks: 1 });
      const dfs = new Ipfs({ dfsConfig: runtimeConfig.ipfs });

      // create runtime
      const runtime = await createDefaultRuntime(web3, dfs, { accountMap: runtimeConfig.accountMap, keyConfig: runtimeConfig.keyConfig, useIdentity: runtimeConfig.useIdentity });
      console.dir(runtime);
    }

    init();

> Now you can use an a `runtime` object which uses an identity as an execution point to interact with the evan.network blockchain. Remember to use `runtime.activeIdentity` when you want to specify who is doing an an actions when using the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you can use an a `runtime` object which uses an identity as an execution point to interact with the evan.network blockchain. Remember to use `runtime.activeIdentity` when you want to specify who is doing an an action when using the API.
```
